Added tip to use scripts instead of packages in some scenarios. (#1461)
MicrosoftDocs/SCCMdocs: sccm/apps/deploy-use/packages-and-programs.md

- “One-off” scripts that do not need to be continually monitored  
- Scripts that run on a recurring schedule and cannot use global evaluation

> [!TIP]

> > Beginning with 1706 (pre-release) and 1802 (production), Configuration Manager introduce the ability to [run scripts](/sccm/apps/deploy-use/create-deploy-scripts) from the console.  This may be a better solution for some of the scenarios listed above in place of using the packages and programs feature.

Reviewer: A few minor changes for style

FYI, I removed the opening clause as the feature is available in all currently supported versions. So no reason to call it out anymore. 😄 

```suggestion
> Consider using the [run scripts](/sccm/apps/deploy-use/create-deploy-scripts) feature in the Configuration Manager console. Scripts may be a better solution for some of the preceding scenarios instead of using packages and programs.
```

Author: Noted for future changes, thanks!  I think I broke my fork that had this change, did you update the file in the commit, or should I refork?
